Update test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md (#1718)
astronomer/docs: astro/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

## Run a DAG with `astro run`

> Use the `astro run` command to run a DAG from the command line. When you run the command, the CLI compiles your DAG and runs it in a single Airflow worker container based on your Astro project configurations, including your `Dockerfile`, DAG utility files, Python requirements, and environment variables. You can see task logs and task success or failure directly in your terminal and without needing to go to the Airflow UI. You can only run one DAG at a time.  Running DAGs without a scheduler or webserver improves the speed at which you can develop and test data pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `astro run` command to run a DAG from the command line. When you run the command, the CLI compiles your DAG and runs it in a single Airflow worker container based on your Astro project configurations, including your `Dockerfile`, DAG utility files, Python requirements, and environment variables. You can review task logs and whether a task succeeded or failed in your terminal without opening the Airflow UI. You can only run one DAG at a time. Running DAGs without a scheduler or webserver can help reduce the time required to develop and test data pipelines.
```
